Adding command to extract root CA to docs (#1694)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: agent/config/v3.mdx

| ------------ | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `trusted`    | default | use only the trusted certificate root for the ngrok.com tunnel service                                                                                                      |
| `host`       |         | use the root certificates trusted by the host's operating system. This is helpful for working with machine-in-the-middle (MITM) proxies doing deep packet inspection (DPI). |

> | other values |         | path to a certificate PEM file on disk with certificate authorities to trust                

Author: @S3Prototype can do! I initially put it in as an H3 because its not a config field like the others, but if you think stylistically it will look better than no worries

                                                                                |

> ### Working with Machine-in-the-Middle (MITM) Proxies

Author: @sg-writer fixed!

> If you are working with machine-in-the-middle (MITM) proxies, you may need to specify a custom CA certificate to trust the ngrok server. This may require you to use the ngrok root CA certicate that the agent uses to connect to the ngrok edge.

Reviewer: - don't be afraid of contractions 😁
- one sentence per line (easier to maintain over time)
- certificate typo

```suggestion
If you're working with machine-in-the-middle (MITM) proxies, you may need to specify a custom CA certificate to trust the ngrok server. 
This may require you to use the ngrok root CA certificate that the agent uses to connect to the ngrok edge.
```

> Use the following command to extract the ngrok agent self signed root CA certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to extract the ngrok agent self-signed root CA certificate:
```
